docs: update `watching.md` to reflect support for data file watching (#5137)
marimo-team/marimo: docs/guides/editor_features/watching.md

## Watching for data changes

!!! info "Data file watching now supported!"
    marimo now supports watching data files and automatically refreshing cells that
    depend on them using `mo.watch.file()` and `mo.watch.directory()`.

>     Learn more in the [watch API documentation](https://docs.marimo.io/api/watch/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Learn more in the [watch API documentation](../../api/watch.md).
```
